add error 500 handling example (#4775)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: umbraco-cms/tutorials/custom-error-page.md

## Handling errors in ASP.NET Core

For common approaches to handling errors in ASP.NET Core web apps, see the [Handle errors in ASP.NET Core](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/fundamentals/error-handling?view=aspnetcore-6.0) article in the Microsoft Documentation.

## 500 errors

The following steps guides you through setting up a page for internal server errors (500 errors).

> 1. First Step
> 
>     - Create a `~/controllers` folder in your Umbraco web project.
>     - Create a file in this folder, called `ErrorController.cs`.
>     - Add the following code to the file:
> 
>         ```csharp
>         using Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc;
>         namespace UmbracoProject.Web.Controllers
>         {
>             public class ErrorController : Controller
>             {
>                 [Route("Error")]
>                 public IActionResult Index()
>                 {
>                     if (Response.StatusCode == StatusCodes.Status500InternalServerError)
>                     {
>                         return Redirect("/statuscodes/500");
>                     }
>                     else if (Response.StatusCode != StatusCodes.Status200OK)
>                     {
>                         return Redirect("/statuscodes");
>                     }
>                     return Redirect("/");
>                 }
>             }
>         }
>         ```
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a `~/controllers` folder in your Umbraco web project.
2. Create a file in this folder, called `ErrorController.cs`.
3. Add the following code to the file:

        ```csharp
        using Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc;
        namespace UmbracoProject.Web.Controllers
        {
            public class ErrorController : Controller
            {
                [Route("Error")]
                public IActionResult Index()
                {
                    if (Response.StatusCode == StatusCodes.Status500InternalServerError)
                    {
                        return Redirect("/statuscodes/500");
                    }
                    else if (Response.StatusCode != StatusCodes.Status200OK)
                    {
                        return Redirect("/statuscodes");
                    }
                    return Redirect("/");
                }
            }
        }
        ```

```
